If you're looking for a new role to help you advance, you have to make
sure number one that it's in your field. You could do tons of jobs
around this ship, but if it's not in your field, then it's not gonna
quite help you so much. So I think the main source is probably gonna
be your chief. Uh, he's gonna tell you, or she will tell you, um,
the rules that are available. And sometimes there are things that you
don't even no pertain to your rate. One for me was three. M coordinator.
I didn't realize that that was a job that a new could take on,
but it's a high, high, high position job. Another one that was hidden
from me that was going on behind the scenes was, uh, the Tech Pub
Library, the Technical Publications library. And you have to be really
on familiar with all of the books that are associated with the
nuclear field. And you have to know, like where they're supposed to
be located. Um, and you also help out when people are doing research.
They say, Hey, you know what? Like there's this schematic that I need
you should be able toe, you know, find which book it's in and do
some of the basic research for him for that. And that's another thing
that can promote you. So, um, your chief and other supervisors in
your chain of command can actually, like, point you out to some of
these jobs that can kind of, like might be something different than
what you're used to but might be hidden from you or might be useful
in ways that you didn't know about before.